
GEOS ATS
==========

The `geos-ats` python package includes tools for managing integrated tests for GEOS.
It is built using the `Automated Test System <https://ats.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ (ATS) package.
The available console scripts for this package and its API are described below.


run_geos_ats
----------------

Primary entry point for running integrated tests.

.. argparse::
   :module: geos-ats.command_line_parsers
   :func: build_command_line_parser
   :prog: run_geos_ats


.. note::
    Arguments can be passed to the underlying ATS system with the `--ats` argument.


.. note::
    Other machine-specific options for ATS can be viewed by running `run_geos_ats --ats help`


Debugging
------------------

If for any reason you need to debug the geos-ats package, we recommend that you create a local copy of this entry point in the `build/integratedTests` directory: `geosPythonPackages/geos-ats_package/geos-ats/debug_geos-ats.py`.
This script is designed as a debugger entry point, and will read the autogenerated run script that was built during setup.
To use it, you must either have geos-ats installed in your target python environment, or a copy of geosPythonPackages in the expected location (`/usr/workspace/[username]/geosPythonPackages`).

We recommend that you use VSCode with the Python extension to debug geos-ats.
To begin the debugging session, you simply need to load the entry script, set any initial breakpoints you desire, then select the Debug run option.
Note that this approach can only be used to debug the python code associated with tests, and not the underlying GEOS tests.


API
------


Restart Check
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. automodule:: geos-ats.helpers.restart_check
    :members:


Curve Check
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. automodule:: geos-ats.helpers.curve_check
    :members:


